---
title: "Nailea Devora -【Biography】Age, Height, Single, Nationality"
date: 2020-03-01T20:53:13+08:00
lang: en-US
draft: false
tags: [single,followers,lifestyle,media,nailea,height,devora,social,instagram,currently,photos,likewise]
categories: [english]
url: "/blog/nailea-devora--【biography】age--height--single--nationality"
image: "cover.jpg"
---
Nailea Devora is an American fashion and lifestyle social media influencer who is popular for sharing photos on her Instagram account. Nailea Devora popularity on the platform headed to her accumulating over 487k followers on the platform.

Bio and Wiki

Nailea Devora is 18 years old as of 2020. She was born on January 20, 2002, in the United States. Her birth sign is Capricorn. Likewise, she was born to American parents but has not disclosed their names. However, she might also be a single child of her parents as she has not revealed anything about it.

Moreover, she belongs to American nationality and ethnicity is still unknown. Moving toward her educational background, she might have currently graduated her high school as of her age. But she has not mentioned her school’s name.

Professional Life

Reflecting on Nailea Devora’s professional life, she initiated her professional life as a social media star through Instagram. Gradually, she started gaining fans and became renowned as a fashion and lifestyle social media influencer for sharing photos on her eponymous Instagram account.

She accumulated lots of fans following around 487k through her fascinating post on her Instagram account. Likewise, one of her oldest archived photos was taken at the Universal Studios theme park. Similarly, she has also promoted products by SweetPeeps Jewelry in 2019 through her posts. She also tweeted a gif of Miley Cyrus in August of 2019. Furthermore, she is also available on Tiktok and Snapchat.

Besides that, she has created her self-titled Youtube channel in August 2019. She has posted a few videos regarding the tutorial, health condition, dress style and so on. Further, she might post more videos and catch more subscribers over her channel. Her “breaking my school’s dress code for a week” has collected 10M views.

Net Worth

Young and talented Nailea Devora has earned a decent sum of money through her social media profession. She is living a lavish lifestyle through her good source of income. However, she has not disclosed her annual salary as well as net worth.

Is Nailea Devora in a relationship? Who is her boyfriend?

Reflecting on Nailea Devora’s relationship status, she might be single currently. She is too young to get married right now and neither has children. Likewise, she has not opened up about her linkups. She might be currently busy focusing on her career as well as studies. However, she might be also waiting for her perfect match to pair up with.

Furthermore, she has not involved her self in any kind of controversial act and maintained a clean profile.

Body Measurements

Beautiful Nailea Devora has an amazingly charming personality. She has maintained a slim body with her gorgeous look. She has a tall height of 5 feet 7 inches and weighs around 57 kgs. Likewise, she has brown hair color and light-brown eye color. She keeps on dying her hair with different colors.

Social Media

Nailea Devora is socially active on media sites like Instagram, Twitter but not active on Facebook. She has gained many fan followings. Likewise, she has around 487k followers on Instagram and more than 16.1k followers on Twitter. Further, she has over 1.01 million subscribers on her self-titled Youtube channel.

