---
title: "How to Get Best Car Financing Deals in Pakistan?"
date: 2020-02-22T05:24:49+08:00
lang: en-UK
draft: false
tags: [interest,loan,insurance,rate,pakistan,car,best,financing,deals,rates]
categories: [english]
url: "/blog/how-to-get-best-car-financing-deals-in-pakistan-"
image: "cover.jpg"
---

Purchasing a car through car financing in Pakistan these days is a big deal for everyone because it is one of the biggest purchase we make in our lifetime. They cost a lot of money and require a big financial commitment and so, we need to ensure we make the right decision when it comes to the way in which it is financed. Before choosing a best car financing deals in Pakistan, it is important that you find out what you need to consider before making the decision.



Many people are unable to go out and purchase a car with cash because they either do not have the savings or have money that the need to use for another reason. Therefore, considering to compare best car financing deals in Pakistan is the best way to ensuring that you find the right deal for you, save your money and make a well informed decision. So how do you get the best car financing deals and what you should really be considering?

Interest Rates

The interest rate is a price of buying a loan and the amount you pay on top of the amount you are borrowing. This can differ between banks to banks but it can make a massive difference to the amount you pay in the lifetime of a car loan. The interest rate is effectively what the lender charges you in order to give you the amount you need to borrow to buy your car. Usually there are three types of interest rates applicable including fixed rate, variable rate loans and Islamic loan rates and all three are calculated differently.

It is important that you understand how interest rates work for car financing in Pakistan. Finding the best car loan rates is all about finding a provider that offers you a car financing deal that has an interest rate which works for you. It is worth noting that the final interest rates are offered by banks based on customer profiles. Always shop for the best interest rates and Mawazna can help you with its car loans comparison platform.

The Period of the Loan

There are a number of things that determine how much you can borrow. The period of the loan is particularly important and it can have an impact on the amount you pay. The longer the period you pay the loan over, the lower the payments will be but it will mean that you will pay more interest over that period. Of course, you may not want to borrow money for a long period so that you get the loan paid off as quickly as possible. Therefore, comparing the best car finance deal available to you will enable you to find one that offers a monthly payment that works with the length of time you want the financing for. Don’t be trapped into monthly payments, you should always review the total cost of your loan including any application fee and your own contribution rate as well.

Your Budget

A best car financing offer in Pakistan will also be linked with the budget that you have. Finding the right financing that works for you is all about understanding how much you can afford each month. Once you determine how much you can afford, you can then start to find the right car financing. This means you can choose the period over which you want to borrow so that it fits in with your budget.

Type of Interest Rate Offered By Car Financing Providers



Since banks in Pakistan are currently offering three major types of car financing products. These car financing deals are offered based on fixed rate interest rate, variable rates and Islamic car loans which is also called car Ijarah. So based on your own financial circumstances, you need to choose the best suitable car financing deals in Pakistan. Mawazna.com will provide you all these three types of car financing deals to be compared and comprehensive review of their rates.

Credit Score

The better your credit score, the more likely you are to find better car financing deals. Having a good credit score will make you more appealing to lenders because it will prove to them that you are reliable and trustworthy and likely to meet your monthly repayments. Increasing your credit score means doing things such as taking out a credit card and using it responsibly while having other forms of credit will also help to improve your credit score.

Compare Best Car Financing Deals with Mawazna.com

As mentioned, finding the best deal is all about comparing what the lenders offer. At Mawazna’s car loan comparison platform, it is possible to compare different deals across a wide range of providers making it possible for you to find the very best deals. The process is easier than it has ever been and it provides a clear picture of what is out there for you. It takes you through a number of quick questions and then presents you options that matches your profile best. This way you can narrow down your search and can focus and review the best available car financing deals in Pakistan.

Now the best car financing deals in Pakistan are only a few clicks away. However, it is important that you think about how you can find the best deals and what is required to ensure that you really do get the best value for money.

Mawazna.com is a growing financial services comparison platform in Pakistan that enables consumers to make more informed decisions when choosing financial products and services including car financing, personal loan, home financing, health, car, and travel insurance comparison, selection and buying an insurance policy offered by leading insurance companies of Pakistan. Visit us online to compare banking (all loan products including car loans in Pakistan), insurance (car insurance, travel insurance, and health insurance) and broadband products to make more informed decisions.

“Mawazna Karein Apne Liye, Apno key Liye”

